I'm gonna share a little neuroscience tidbit, but I think it's one that you'll appreciate. Most people don't know this, but there's a brain structure called the anterior mid-singulate cortex. As we pointed out before, that's a noun, it's a name, it doesn't mean anything. We could call it the cookie monster. But what's interesting about this brain area is there are now a lot of data in humans that's on mouse study, showing that when people do something, they don't want it. Like add three hours of exercise per day or per week, or when people who are trying to diet and lose weight resist eating. When people do anything that they, and this is the important part, that they don't want. It's not about adding more work. It's about adding more work that you don't want to do. This brain area gets bigger. Now here's what's especially interesting about this brain area to me. And by the way, I'm only learning this recently because it's new data, but there's a lot of it. The anterior mid-singulate cortex is smaller and obese. It gets bigger when they die. It's larger in athletes. It's especially large or grows larger in people that see themselves as challenged and overcome some challenge. And in people that live a very long time, this area keeps its size. In many ways, scientists are starting to think of the enter mid-singulate cortex, not just as one of the seats of willpower, but perhaps actually the seat of the will to live. And when I learned about the enter mid-singulate cortex, I was like almost out of my seat. I've been in the neuroscience game since I was 21. We're the same age. And I was so pumped, because I've heard of the amygdala fear, prefrontal cortex, it's planning and action. I could tell you every brain area and every, I teach neuroanatomy to medical students, but when I started seeing the data on the anterior and mid-singulate cortex, I was like, whoa, this is interesting. And all the data points to the fact that we can build this area up, but that as quickly as we build it up, we don't continue to invest in things that are hard for us that we don't want to do. That's the part that feels so Gog and Esk to me that we don't want to do. Like if you love the ice bath, yeah, I love the ice bath. You go from one minute to 10 minutes. Guess what? Your anti-remittsingulate cortex did not grow. But if you hate the water, if you're afraid of drowning and you get into water and put your head under, then your anti-remitts and survive, then the anti-remittsingulate cortex gets bigger. But if you don't do it the next day, or if you do it the next day and you enjoy it, because hey, I did it yesterday, woohoo. Happy me, Merry Christmas, as you would say. Right, Merry Christmas. Guess what? The anti-remittsingulate cortex shrinks again. To me, this is one of the most important discoveries that neuroscience has ever made, because it's that I don't want to do something, but do it anyway, that grows this area. And it's almost like I have a friend who's been sober 30 years from alcohol. And he always says, you know, the amazing thing about addiction is there's a cure. Calmness, it only works one day at a time. And so you have to renew it every day. So the answer mid-singulate cortex to me, when I learned about it, two things went off in my head. Whoa, this is super interesting. And two, I gotta tell David and I, and I waited until now to tell you, because I felt like, well, for obvious reasons, I want to tell you, I want to tell you here. Well, I love that because that's how I've lived my entire life. I know anything about that, but people don't, maybe you have such a strong will. It's something that you built. Like I never forgot I was on a podcast one time and this dude goes, you were blessed with a strong mind. Like the hell you talking about was blessed with a strong mind. That's something that you have to develop. You develop that over years, decades of suffering and going back into the suffering. That's why a lot of people who graduate Navy SEAL training, they were no, in my, I talk about very openly all the time. A lot of guys don't want to go back into that water. They want to go back into the hard stuff. Maybe not anything hard. Anything hard and light. Once you get through it, it's like you become a POW. Like how many POWs you know want to go back to POW? None. When something sucks so bad in life, this is on this that we're talking about now. Very few people want to go back. They're happy they graduated. I realized I'm just saying, well, I don't want to go back. I have to go back. I must go back because that is exactly where all the knowledge of my life exists was back there. and what you exactly talking about. Well, I didn't know anything about this, but how I grew a will was constantly doing these things. To now, it's just life. I wake up while it still sucks, it's just life. You don't sit back and I have days I don't wanna do, but I know I'm gonna do it. I know from years of just doing it. So that's beautiful. And this is why I came on here with you today. And I'm glad you're talking about this because human beings need to hear this. Then you stop hearing these hacks on this and that. There's no fucking hack, bro. There's no fucking hack. Yeah, you made this and that and Sauna's and all this shit that, yeah, it's great. There is no fucking life hack to grow that thing. How do you grow it? Do it and do it and do it and do it. That's the hack. The hack is to fucking suck. And that's what I realized. That's what I realized. Life, that's why I wanted to come on here. I didn't come on here and talk about no fucking passion and purpose and how to get the fuck out of bed and how to hit a fucking alarm clock and all this catchphrase bullshit. Cause that wasn't how I lived. I was how I lived. I lived. I woke up like every human being does and goes, fuck man, I'm a fucking piece of shit today. How the hell is this gonna work out for me? And you fight that, and you fight that. You don't override it, you don't override button. It's the conversation in your fucking, in your head. So how do you do that? We don't have enough of these conversations about the real conversation that every human being is having. And they have no idea how to get out of it, but they do. It's that shit right there, man. Yeah, build your will. How do you build your will? Exactly what you said, man. Exactly what you said. I feel like knowing the name of something, anti-remit cingulate cortex doesn't fundamentally change us. But one thing I like about biology is that willpower, if somebody feels they don't have it, feels like this thing that other people have, but everybody, unless they're brain damaged, like hole through their head has two anti-remit cingulate cortex, one on each side of their brain. Everyone has, they have two. So I feel like it's just a question of opening the portal. And the portal, what I've, again, I've said this eight, 10 times and forgive me, is I think people go, oh, I do hard things. I do sets to failure and then I do four straps. I love training. I love doing sets. I even like four straps. But guess what? I like four straps. So I'll tell you, they don't build my anterior mid-singular cortex. Cause I like to do. Anything you like to do is not gonna enhance this aspect of willpower. And it seems so obvious once you hear it, you kind of go, oh yeah, of course. But I think you really close that loop for people when you share what you're sharing today and what you've shared elsewhere before as well when you're trying to explain the friction is the critical ingredient. And I think people think, oh, if it's effort, well, then I'm getting better. That's part of it, necessary, but not sufficient, as we say inside. But the sock part, the haunt, being haunted, the stick, they're really unpleasant terms. These are probably the most unpleasant terms we've ever used on this podcast. Those are the, those are the levers. Those are the gears. And without those, this thing that you're talking about, David Goggins, that's a verb. You know, I sometimes make the joke, but it's not a joke. Goggins is a name and it's a verb. People go, I'm gonna Goggins, right? But that's, I think, and I'm not a psychologist, but I think that's what you're talking about. The stick friction being haunted, it's the suck part that grows this anterior mints and uicortex. So now you know why there's so many people that have failed in this world to figure out their purpose, their purpose in life, where do I go? Because to grow that, you may not look like me, how my daily life looks, don't look fun, don't look fun. So it's a choice that people have to make in life. But what's so funny about it is even the richest of rich, who have everything. ask me this question. I feel like I'm missing something. I don't feel like I'm missing shit. I don't have what you all have, but you're never in my life hear me tell you I'm missing something. Everybody they're missing this feeling. I found it long time ago. I found it right there in that willpower thing. When you're nothing, nothing, and change yourself into something like me. You call it happiness, peace, whatever the fuck you want to call it. People are missing exactly what went on with David Gackers. Why don't you smile? I do, I do, but I figure something out. That's why I never, you'll never hear me say I missed something. I found it years ago. You find it in the suck. You find it in the suck and you find it repeatedly in the suck to the point where you know exactly who you are. Most people are missing something because they don't know who they are. They never examine themselves. They've never done this experiment on themselves. The lab rats, we're all lab rats, but you're also the scientist. You create your own self. Most people are missing something because there's so much trash in there. I don't want to say potential. I think that's where you got too much to. There's so much in you that God or wherever the hell you believe in, or if you're atheist in you, that you have not unlocked. They walk around with this gorgeous wife, your great husband, all this money. Like, God, fuck I'm missing something. Yeah, because it's about 75% of you is still fucking in there. Still chained up because you just didn't want to find your will power. Didn't want to find your soul, your will, your heart, your determination. guts your courage. What that looks like, it looks scary. Like your little scary lab I went in. Scary. To make it every day and say, I'm stupid but I want to figure out a way to be smart. Versus saying, man, I just can't do that so you limit this box. So your box becomes so small of things you can do. My box wasn't even a box. It was a fucking little like, little pinhole. And then, through examining myself, getting some willpower, some courage, it became bigger than this table. That's what we all do. That's why I wanted to come here today and talk to you about real shit. Not no fucking like hacks. There's no hacks, bro. It's you against you. You against you. And if you misunderstand that, give a real problem. Real problem. I can understand you misunderstand me running on the street, shirt off, fuck this, nah, yeah. I can get it, I get it. If you misunderstand what I'm saying right now today, the problem is you and you don't wanna fix it. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right.